Dad save my dad
Zhou Tianyu you bastard
You're about to let my daughter die
Come on, kill me
As long as I die
You won't get six heavenly daughters
big deal
You die and I break
An ancestor saved my daughter
I am willing to give my all
Hahahahaha
Zhou Tianyu regarded shamelessness as the son of heaven and was harmless
One will be successful
Just a few cheap lives
I let them die
It was his great honor
Bah, it's hopeless
I'll kill you!
One step further
I will kill a thousand women
You as far as I know
Kudo Jingyuan
You are indispensable
Now how about we make a deal?
You are threatening me
You are forcing me
You don't give me any way out
Don't blame me for killing them all
Now I'm counting to 30
Or put 3 cents
Or kill Tianyun